Use CORS with gRPC-Web (#17030)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/browser.md

[!code-csharp[](~/grpc/browser/sample/AllServicesSupportExample_Startup.cs?name=snippet_1&highlight=6,13)]

### gRPC-Web and CORS

Browser security:

* Prevents a web page from making requests to a different domain than the one that served the web page.
* This restriction applies to making gRPC-Web calls with browser apps. For example, a browser app served by `https://www.contoso.com` is blocked from calling gRPC-Web services hosted on `https://services.contoso.com`.
* Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) can be used to relax this restriction.

To allow your browser app to make cross-origin gRPC-Web calls you must setup [CORS in ASP.NET Core](xref:security/cors). Use the built-in CORS support, and expose gRPC specific headers with <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.Infrastructure.CorsPolicyBuilder.WithExposedHeaders*>.

[!code-csharp[](~/grpc/browser/sample/CORS_Startup.cs?name=snippet_1&highlight=5,19,24)]

The preceding code:

* Adds CORS services, `AddCors`, and configures a CORS policy that exposes gRPC specific headers.

> * Adds the CORS middleware, `UseCors`, after routing and before endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Calls `UseCors` to add the CORS middleware after routing and before endpoints.
```
